A 31-year-old woman with no preexisting diseases or cardiovascular risk factors presented
 in May 2021 with a shivering attack, intensifying stabbing chest and back pain, and dyspnea
 after moderate physical activity (NYHA II). Seventeen days previously, she had been vaccinated
 for the first time against COVID-19 with Comirnaty. The following day,  
she registered flu-like symptoms, which quickly resolved. In the period between her vaccination 
and presentation, she engaged in physical activity that involved riding a bicycle for 15 km.
The initial physical examination showed normal blood pressure and mild tachycardia, and 
no Pericardial friction rub or distant heart sound is detected.. The initial laboratory tests showed increased levels 
of hsTnT and NT-proBNP. 
ECG showed ST-segment elevation in the inferolateral leads.Transthoracic speckle-tracking
 echocardiography showed a mildly reduced left ventricular ejection fraction (51%) and 
wall motion abnormalities in the inferolateral region. The global left ventricular
 longitudinal strain was reduced to −11.0% (normal <-18.0%). CMR imaging showed increased 
values in parametric mapping, with a global native T1 of 1,183 ms (normal 955 ± 23 ms), T2 of 81 ms
 (normal <60 ms), and an extracellular volume of 35% (normal 25.3 ± 3.5%). 
A subepicardial scar in the basal inferolateral region was seen in LGE sequences. 
PCR analysis did not detect cardiotropic viruses. Angiography performed and the result rulled out the coronary artery disease . Because of the limited ejection fraction,
 medical therapy with beta blocker and AT1 antagonist was initiated. at discharge the examination 
revealed that the patient had developed movement-dependent thoracic pain but presented with no
 angina, dyspnea, palpitations, dizziness, or syncope. Transthoracic echocardiography showed 
normal left ventricular function, with no preexisting regional wall motion abnormalities.
The longitudinal strain improved significantly. Repeat mRNA-based vaccination is not recommended.